in today's video we will go through the
events of 2019's mystery thriller
howling village spoilers ahead you have
been warned
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
comment on what your favorite part was
and subscribe to our channel for more
yuma and akina are a teenage couple
at the beginning of the movie we see
them in front of a telephone booth
it is precisely two o'clock just then
the telephone starts to ring
akina receives the call but no one
speaks on the other end
the couple then enters the inunaki
tunnel legends say that the inunkitano
leads to a village of the same name
every night at 2 the telephone booth at
the village entrance receives a call
whoever picks up the phone has access to
the village
but realistically the village is
non-existent
it is not mentioned in any maps of the
city to most people it is just a made-up
story
yuma and akina are here to check the
theory the tunnel is dark and cold
as they walk through it yuma films the
place on his camera at the end of it
they find
writing that says that japan's
constitution does not
apply from this point forward excitedly
akina runs into the village
while exploring the couple comes across
a few houses akina needs to go to the
bathroom
so she enters one of them huma gives her
privacy
and continues exploring the place
suddenly he hears dogs howling
and goes to check it inside a cage-like
structure
yuma finds the remains of a dog but
there are no real dogs
in sight meanwhile akina tries to leave
the bathroom only to find out that the
door
is locked someone starts banging on it
from outside
scared akina retreats towards the window
through the window
many hands try to choke her she screams
in fear
humor runs to save her but she has
already come out of the house when he
arrives
akina is terrified and doesn't stop
running even when she sees yuma
the night finally ends but it has a
considerable impact on akina
dr kanaya is yuma's elder sister she is
a psychologist but most importantly
she is a medium who can see and sense
spirits that day at work
she is examining a little boy named roy
taro he gets frightening nightmares
every day
roytaro tells kanaya that he sees his
mother every day
just then he says that she senses a
spirit behind her
when roy taro leaves she sees him waving
to his birth mother's spirit
when kanaya returns home that day yuma
tells her about their visit to inuyaki
tunnel and akina's weird behavior
their youngest brother kota is
researching the tunnel for a school
project
so he is intrigued by their conversation
their father mr morita on the other hand
tells the kids there is no such thing as
the inunaki curse
and that they should stop talking about
it it is as if he is hiding something
from them
kanaya goes to check on akina later that
day akina is singing a weird song when
they enter the room
when asked about her health she says
that she is doing great
she then excuses herself to go to the
washroom sometime later
she commits suicide by jumping from a
tower in front of yuma
yuma is in shock but is sure that her
death has something to do with their
trip to the tunnel
the forensic report shows the cause of
her death to be drowning
dr yamanobe who made the forensic report
keeps it a secret from her family but
talks to mr morita about it
from their conversation it is clear that
they know something about the inunki
village and its curse
unknown to all this yuma and his friends
go to the tunnel the next day with the
intention of
burning it when he reaches there he is
surprised to see that the tunnel is
already sealed
in fact it has been closed for quite a
while now yuma is confused as to where
he
and akina went that day despite his
friends begging him to let it go
humour climbs the seal door to go inside
the tunnel
what he doesn't know is that his little
brother kota is there with him too
kota hears yuma screaming from the other
side and climbs onto the wall to check
on him
they both are inside the tunnel when
they are surrounded by spirits of dead
people from the village
akina spirit was one of them too
eventually we hear yuma scream from
inside of the tunnel
and everything goes silent when huma
doesn't return for a long time
his friends inform his parents mr and
miss morita arrive at the scene with
kanaya
and the police they find koda's camera
and bag outside the wall
and assume he went after his brother too
miss morita is scared for her sons and
starts to lose control
she tries to go into the tunnel and has
to be stopped by the police
but as if she has gained some superhuman
powers she frees herself from the police
officer's grip
when mr morita tries to stop her she
bites his arm making it bleed
kanaya is surprised to see this side of
her mother whereitaro has a panic attack
and is brought to the hospital by
ambulance
kanaya rushes to check on him she also
gets the news that forensic doctor
yamanobe is in critical condition
it is as if he was drowning his lungs
are being filled with water
but the source is unknown that night
kanaya falls asleep in roy taro's room
she wakes up at night to see roy taro
missing from his bed worried she goes
around the hospital searching for him
she finally finds him in front of dr
yamanobe's room
when asked the kid replies that his
grandfather called him into the room
when kanaya looks into the room she
notices many spirits surrounding dr
yamanobe
the spirits sing the same song she once
heard akina sing
terrified kanaya runs away taking
roytaro with her
but the spirits start chasing them among
them she sees dr yamanobe's spirit as
well
he attacks kanaya saying that her blood
is one of a dog killer
she does not understand what it means
when they are safe
a nurse informs kanaya that dr yamanobi
has died
kanaya is now sure that all of this has
to do with her and roy taro's family
background but since he is an adopted
child no one knows who his parents are
roytaro's current mother's child was
stillborn the same night roytaro's
mother died giving birth to him
so his new parents had adopted him at
the same time one of yuma's friend's
bike stops in the middle of the road
coincidentally it stops right in front
of the cursed telephone booth
since his phone stops working the guy
has no way out but to call someone from
the telephone booth
he calls two of his friends for help but
when they arrive
he is nowhere to be found it is now 2
a.m
the phone starts ringing as usual the
duo goes into the booth to receive it
however just as they enter the door's
locked then the booth starts to fill
with water
outside we see the same spirits singing
the same song they watch the boys drown
and die inside the booth after they die
the spirits take their spirit away with
them
in the morning we see all three friends
dead bodies inside the booth
kanaya is sure that her father knows
something about the village and its
curse
so she confronts him about it but he
gives a vague answer about it being his
bloodline's fall
kanaya is not satisfied with the answer
so she goes to her grandparents to learn
more about their bloodline
and its relation to the inunaki village
there her grandfather tells her that her
dead grandmother was also a psychic
she saw spirits like kanaya does now she
is sure that she gets her abilities from
her grandmother
finally kanaya asks him about the inunki
village her grandfather is shocked to
hear her
he tells her that the village existed
years ago but now is buried
under the dam at that time the village
was in a crisis
so many children were brought from the
village to their town and left abandoned
outside their home she sees a man
standing far away
she knows him because she has seen his
spirit since her childhood
the man never seems to age and his
clothes are a bit outdated
however this time kanaya is in shock
because she can hold him
many questions rush through her mind he
introduces himself as kenji
and tells her that he knows about the
village of inunki
he then proceeds to show her a video
about the village
inunki used to be a village of happy
people they led
a simple lifestyle and made their
earnings by hunting wild dogs
they were known as dog killers they were
isolated from other towns until a group
of people approached them
the group was from an electric company
called chikushi at first they approached
the village posing as their allies
but their true intentions soon came to
light they wanted to build a dam
over the village so they abducted and
forced the villagers to leave
they tortured them by burning their
necks with iron rods
they beat the village's men and more
disgustingly abducted the woman and made
them mate with wild dogs
in the end they captured the whole
village inside a cage and drowned them
a dam was built over their village in
the video the people of innunaki village
sing the same song kanaya has heard the
spirits sing
she also notices kenji in the video and
asks him if he is one of the villagers
but he doesn't answer he is in the video
with his lover maya
moreover the head of the electric
company was kanaya's great grandfather
finally kanaya concludes that her
maternal grandmother
was the daughter of one of the abandoned
villagers during the chaos
at the same time her great-grandfather
was the monster who killed the innunaki
villagers
when she reaches home her brothers are
still not back and her mother has begun
acting like a dog kanaya decides to look
for her little brothers herself
she ends up in front of the cursed
telephone booth and receives a call
precisely at 2
am from the other end she hears kota's
voice
the tunnel's gate opens for her inside
she meets kenji who leads her to a house
in front of it are dead bodies of people
being eaten by wild
animals inside the house she finds yuma
and kota in a cage
she hands them the key to the door and
follows kenji further to the second
floor
there they find maya and a newborn child
the child
is the result of maya mating with a wild
dog kenji asks kanaya to quickly run
away with a child
because soon the place will be filled
with water saving the child is the only
way to save the village's bloodline
as she is running away maya turns into a
dog-like creature and loses control
she attacks kanaya as kenji tries to
stop her but he is not enough
so yuma helps kenji save his sister
kanaya runs out of the tunnel with the
child and kota
when they are outside it is the
following day both kenji and kota lose
consciousness
but when they wake up they are in the
hospital but the child is left on the
street
some other family from a nearby house
adopts the little girl
the tunnel acted as a time portal to
save maya's kid
and the child kanaya saved was her
grandmother
roy taro's birth mother was also the
offspring of an inunaki villager
later they find yuma's body along with
the decayed bodies of two other people
they are maya and kinji's the movie ends
as we see kanaya's face
reform giving her wild dog-like features
thanks for watching make sure to like
and comment on the video if you enjoyed
it
and subscribe to the channel to see more
of these movie summaries